Updating readme for VS 2019 and Android 29 requirements (#9472)
xamarin/Xamarin.Forms: README.md

## Getting Started ##

### Windows ###
##### Install Visual Studio 2019+ #####

> VS 2017+ is required for developing Xamarin.Forms. If you do not already have it installed, you can download it [here](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs). VS 2019+ Community is completely free. If you are installing VS 2019+ for the first time, select the "Custom" installation type and select the following from the features list to install:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VS 2019+ is required for developing Xamarin.Forms. If you do not already have it installed, you can download it [here](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs). VS 2019+ Community is completely free. If you are installing VS 2019+ for the first time, select the "Custom" installation type and select the following from the features list to install:
```

- .NET desktop development - In the `Summary > Optional select .NET Framework 4.7 SDK, .NET Framework 4.7 targeting pack`. 
- Universal Windows Platform Development - In the `Summary > Optional select the Windows 10 Mobile Emulator`.
- Mobile Development with .NET - In the `Summary > Optional select Xamarin Remoted Simulator, Xamarin SDK Manager, Intel Hardware Accelerated Execution Manager (HAXM)`

> The Android X API 29 SDK is required for developing Xamarin.Forms. It can be installed by using the [Xamarin Android SDK Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/xamarin/android/get-started/installation/android-sdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Android 10.0 API 29 SDK is required for developing Xamarin.Forms. It can be installed by using the [Xamarin Android SDK Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/xamarin/android/get-started/installation/android-sdk).
```
